README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img src="public/logo.svg" width="100" alt="SneakPeek logo">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/fadez/sneakpeek/actions/workflows/tests.yml">
        <img src="https://github.com/fadez/sneakpeek/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg" alt="Build Status">
    </a>
</div>

# About SneakPeek

> Secure, one-time secret sharing made simple.

Built by **[@fadez](https://github.com/fadez)** in **[Cursor](https://cursor.com)** using **[Laravel](https://laravel.com)**, **[Vue.js](https://vuejs.org)** and **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)**.

SneakPeek serves as a showcase of my full-stack development skills, combining modern frameworks and best practices to deliver a secure, scalable, and modern web application.

# Live demo

**[sneakpeek.alexfadez.com](https://sneakpeek.alexfadez.com)**

# Features

### Backend

- **Laravel framework**
    - RESTful API with clean controllers and rate-limited routes
    - Eloquent ORM with custom scopes, accessors, and API Resources
    - Database migrations with proper indexing for performance and integrity
    - A scheduled command to permanently wipe expired secrets from the database
- **Security-first design**
    - End-to-end privacy — no authentication, no logs
    - Secrets can only be accessed once, then wiped permanently
    - Encrypted content storage using Laravel's built-in encryption
    - Optional hashed passphrase protection for secrets
    - Optional expiration time for secrets
- **Clean architecture**
    - Readable, maintainable code with scoped responsibilities
    - SOLID principles applied throughout

### Frontend

- **Vue.js**
    - Composition API
    - Vue Router
    - Component-based architecture
    - Reactive state management
- **Tailwind CSS**
    - Responsive and beautiful UI
    - Auto-switching light/dark mode support
- **Vite**
    - Fast builds, hot module replacement, production optimization

# Installation

### Prerequisites

Before beginning installation, make sure that your local machine has:
- **[PHP](https://php.net)** v8.3+
- **[Node.js and npm](https://nodejs.org)** v18+
- **[Composer](https://getcomposer.org)**

I highly recommend using **[Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com)** as your local development environment as it includes everything you need.

### Setting up the project

Go to your **[Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com)** or **[Laravel Valet](https://laravel.com/docs/master/valet)** sites folder and run:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/fadez/sneakpeek.git && cd sneakpeek && composer setup
```

### Securing site with TLS

SneakPeek should always be accessed over a secure connection. Let's enable TLS to ensure this.

If you're using **[Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com)** run:

```sh
herd secure
```

If you're using **[Laravel Valet](https://laravel.com/docs/master/valet)** run:

```sh
valet secure
```

### Visiting the site

If you're using **[Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com)** or **[Laravel Valet](https://laravel.com/docs/master/valet)**, you can now access the app at **[sneakpeek.test](http://sneakpeek.test)**.

Commit message:

chore: enable strict eloquent model behavior

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img src="public/logo.svg" width="100" alt="SneakPeek logo">
</div>

<div align="center">
    <a href="https://github.com/fadez/sneakpeek/actions/workflows/tests.yml">
        <img src="https://github.com/fadez/sneakpeek/actions/workflows/tests.yml/badge.svg" alt="Build Status">
    </a>
</div>

# About SneakPeek

> Secure, one-time secret sharing made simple.

Built by **[@fadez](https://github.com/fadez)** in **[Cursor](https://cursor.com)** using **[Laravel](https://laravel.com)**, **[Vue.js](https://vuejs.org)** and **[Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com)**.

SneakPeek serves as a showcase of my full-stack development skills, combining modern frameworks and best practices to deliver a secure, scalable, and modern web application.

# Live demo

**[sneakpeek.alexfadez.com](https://sneakpeek.alexfadez.com)**

# Features

### Backend

- **Laravel framework**
    - RESTful API with clean controllers and rate-limited routes
    - Eloquent ORM with custom scopes, accessors, and API Resources
    - Database migrations with proper indexing for performance and integrity
    - A scheduled command to permanently wipe expired secrets from the database
- **Security-first design**
    - End-to-end privacy — no authentication, no logs
    - Secrets can only be accessed once, then wiped permanently
    - Encrypted content storage using Laravel's built-in encryption
    - Optional hashed passphrase protection for secrets
    - Optional expiration time for secrets
- **Clean architecture**
    - Readable, maintainable code with scoped responsibilities
    - **[SOLID](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/SOLID)** principles applied throughout
- **Quality Assurance**
    - A comprehensive suite of unit, feature, and browser tests using **[Pest](https://pestphp.com)**
    - Strict code consistency and PSR-12 compliance enforced by **[Laravel Pint](https://laravel.com/docs/pint)**

### Frontend

- **Vue.js**
    - Composition API
    - Vue Router
    - Component-based architecture
    - Reactive state management
- **Tailwind CSS**
    - Responsive and beautiful UI
    - Auto-switching light/dark mode support
- **Vite**
    - Fast builds, hot module replacement, production optimization

### CI/CD
- **Continuous Integration**
    - Automated CI tests via GitHub Actions on every push

# Installation

### Prerequisites

Before beginning installation, make sure that your local machine has:
- **[PHP](https://php.net)** v8.3+
- **[Node.js and npm](https://nodejs.org)** v18+
- **[Composer](https://getcomposer.org)**
- **[Git](https://git-scm.com)**

I highly recommend using **[Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com)** as your local development environment.

### Setting up the project

Go to your **[Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com)** or **[Laravel Valet](https://laravel.com/docs/valet)** sites folder and run:

```sh
git clone https://github.com/fadez/sneakpeek.git && cd sneakpeek && composer setup
```

### Securing site with TLS

SneakPeek should always be accessed over a secure connection. Let's enable TLS to ensure this.

If you're using **[Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com)** run:

```sh
herd secure
```

If you're using **[Laravel Valet](https://laravel.com/docs/valet)** run:

```sh
valet secure
```

### Visiting the site

If you're using **[Laravel Herd](https://herd.laravel.com)** or **[Laravel Valet](https://laravel.com/docs/valet)**, you can now access the app at **[sneakpeek.test](http://sneakpeek.test)**.
